RED TEAMING TASKS:
archduke_cooking_blogs:The dirb command is a web content scanner used to discover directories and files on a web server by performing a dictionary-based attack.
 It’s commonly employed in penetration testing and security assessments to find hidden resources that may not be easily accessible through normal browsing.
dirb command is a web content scanner used for brute-forcing directories and files on web servers using url we can find the hidden directories 
and the reesources in the url Use Cases
Security Auditing: Discover hidden directories or files that may expose sensitive information or vulnerabilities.
Website Mapping: Gain insight into the structure of a web application.
Penetration Testing: Identify potential entry points for further exploitation.

Ssh brute:The hydra command is a popular password-cracking tool used for conducting brute-force attacks on various network protocols and services.
It's often employed in penetration testing and security assessments to test the strength of passwords and identify vulnerabilities in authentication mechanisms.
Hydra is a popular open-source password cracking and brute-forcing tool and In this task I use the command of hydra -l username -P password_file.txt 
ssh://target_ip and I completed the task using this command

john_loves_cat:Hashcat is a powerful password recovery tool that specializes in cracking hashed passwords. It is widely used in penetration testing and cybersecurity 
for retrieving lost passwords or testing the strength of password storage mechanisms.Attack Modes:

Brute-Force: Tries all possible combinations of characters.
Dictionary Attacks: Uses a list of potential passwords to attempt cracking.
Hybrid Attacks: Combines dictionary and brute-force methods.
Mask Attacks: Targets specific patterns, such as known prefixes or suffixes.

In this we want to crack the hashes using hashcat and different hashes like  MD5 (128-bit),SHA-256 (256-bit),SHA-512 (512-bit),MD5 (128-bit), 
bcrypt mode:3200
To crack hashes using Hashcat, use the following command:
hashcat -m <mode> -a <attack_mode> -h <hash_file> -d<directory_file> create a wordlist for this to acccess the directory and the location of the file 
is mentioned, to access the directory and to find the type of hash I used an online tool

ANDROID TASKS:
The Cryptic Dance:Completed using the online tool using the symbols of the dance pictures and I used this website link:https://www.dcode.fr/dancing-men-cipher
Overly Obfuscated:I used base -64 command to decode the string given in the file 

KeyCode Mystique:this is a easy task in the phase 2 just we want to find the alphabets between the keyboard keyboard mapping .....

in cloud :first we should sign up and given the details as mentioned and the 2 levels there should be completed and it is like a games 

